fix: assume router_flavor to default value according to kong version if missing (#4076)
Kong/kubernetes-ingress-controller: CHANGELOG.md

- Added translator to translate ingresses under `networking.k8s.io/v1` to
  expression based Kong routes. The translator is enabled when feature gate
  `ExpressionRoutes` is turned on and the managed Kong gateway runs in router

>   flavor `expressions`. If `router_flavor` is not given in Kong root 
>   configurations, we assume kong is running with the default router mode 
>   according to its version: `traditional` for versions below 3.0 (2.8 and older);
>   abort with an error for versions over 3.0 (3.0 and newer).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  flavor `expressions`. We assume `router_flavor` to be `traditional`
  for versions below 3.0. If it is not available in Kong's configuration,
  for versions 3.0 and above, abort with an error .
```

Author: done.
